Admin:
admin1@example.com | password | admin

Shopkeepers:
shopkeeper1@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper2@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper3@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper4@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper5@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper6@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper7@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper8@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper9@example.com | password | shopkeeper
shopkeeper10@example.com | password | shopkeeper

Users:
user1@example.com | password | user
user2@example.com | password | user
user3@example.com | password | user
user4@example.com | password | user
user5@example.com | password | user
user6@example.com | password | user
user7@example.com | password | user
user8@example.com | password | user
user9@example.com | password | user
user10@example.com | password | user
user11@example.com | password | user
user12@example.com | password | user
user13@example.com | password | user
user14@example.com | password | user
user15@example.com | password | user
user16@example.com | password | user
user17@example.com | password | user
user18@example.com | password | user
user19@example.com | password | user
user20@example.com | password | user 